Fix blob access (#15)
logzio/logzio-azure-blob: README.md

This integration forwards logs from your Azure Blob Storage	
to your Logz.io account.

![Integration-architecture](images/logzio-blob-Diagram.png)

<!-- tabContainer:start -->
<div class="branching-container">

## Deployment options:

* [Use your existing blob storage account](#existing-blob-config)
* [Create a new blob storage account](#new-blob-config)

> These deployments will create the following services:
> * Serveless Function App
> * Application Insights
> * App Service Plan
> * Event Hubs Namspace
> * Event Grid System Topic
> * Function's logs Storage Account
> * Blob Storage Account (will be created only if you choose the second deploy option)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have the option to either connect to an existing Blob storage account or create a new one.
Either way, the following services are created when you deploy this integration:

* Serverless Function App
* Application Insights
* App Service Plan
* Event Hub Namespace
* Event Grid System Topic
* Storage Account for the Function's logs
* If you select the option to deploy a new account, a new Blob Storage account will be created as well.
```

<!-- tab:start -->
<div id="existing-blob-config">

# Use your existing blob storage account

**Before you begin, you'll need**:

> a blob storage account of the type **StorageV2 (general purpose v2)** . If your existing blob storage account is of any other kind, it will NOT work. Instead, follow the process to set up a new blob storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Blob storage account of the type **StorageV2 (general purpose v2)** . If your existing blob storage account is of any other kind, it will NOT work. Instead, follow the process to set up a new blob storage account.
```

| Logs account token | Add the [log shipping token](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/settings/general) for the relevant Logz.io account. This is the account you want to ship to.  |
| Format (Default: text) | Select one of the supported parsing formats: text/json/csv  |
| Buffersize (Default: 100) | The maximum number of messages the logger will accumulate before sending them all as a bulk  |
| Timeout (Default: 180,000 = 3 minutes) | The read/write/connection timeout in *milliseconds*.  |

At the bottom of the page, agree to the terms and conditions. 
Then click **Purchase** to deploy. 

Deployment can take a few minutes.

## Check Logz.io for your logs

Give your logs some time to get from your system to ours, and then open [Kibana](https://app.logz.io/#/dashboard/kibana/discover?). 
Please note that only logs sent from this point on would be sent and appear under the type `blobStorage`.

If you still don’t see your logs, see [log shipping troubleshooting](https://docs.logz.io/user-guide/log-shipping/log-shipping-troubleshooting.html).

</div>

</div>
<!-- tab:end -->
<div id="parameters-after-deploy">

> ### Working with your parameters after deployment
> 
> If you wish to change parameters values after the deployment, go to your function app page, then on the left menu press the 'Configuration' tab.
> You'll have the option to edit the following values:
> * Shipper's configurations such as LogzioHost, LogzioToken, Buffersize, Timeout.
> * FUNCTIONS_WORKER_PROCESS_COUNT - maximum of 10, for more information press [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-app-settings#functions_worker_process_count).
> * ParseEmptyField - Parse logs with invalid empty fields. **Please note using this option may slow the shipper's perfomance.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updating parameters after deployment

Some parameters can be updated post-deployment. These include:

* Shipper-related configurations: **LogzioHost**, **LogzioToken**, **Buffersize**, **Timeout**.
* **FUNCTIONS_WORKER_PROCESS_COUNT** - maximum of 10. [See Microsoft documentation for more details](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-app-settings#functions_worker_process_count).
* **ParseEmptyField** - Enable/disable the option to parse logs with invalid empty fields. This option exists to overcome a rare bug whereby the services ship unnamed fields that break the parsing pipeline. **Please consider enabling this option only if you encounter unparsed logs due to unnamed fields. Note that it may slow the shipper's performance.**

To update your parameters post-deployment, open the **Function App** page in your Azure portal. On the left menu, select the **Configuration** tab and edit the relevant values.

```
